# WellnessLiving SDK 1.1 Released!

## Changes

1. Now you need to create a configuration object only through the `\WellnessLiving\Config\WlConfigAbstract::create()` method.
   Manual creation of a configuration object using the `new ...` operator is prohibited.

2. To create a configuration, it is now necessary to specify the identifier of the region in which the business is registered.
   This is due to the opening of a new data center in Australia.
   Valid region identifiers are listed as constants in the `\WellnessLiving\WlRegionSid` class.
3. The resulting configuration class must inherit from one of two classes: `\WellnessLiving\Config\WlConfigProduction`
   or `\WellnessLiving\Config\WlConfigStaging`.


## Migration from WellnessLiving SDK 1.0 to 1.1

Check that your config class is inherited:
* for a production version - from `\WellnessLiving\Config\WlConfigProduction` class.
* for testing - from `\WellnessLiving\Config\WlConfigStaging` class.

To migrate to a new SDK, you need to change the way the configuration object is created.
Use the `\WellnessLiving\Config\WlConfigAbstract::create()` method to create the configuration object.

For example, we have a configuration class `\WlSdkExample\ExampleConfig`. Create a config object:

    <?php
    ...
    $o_config = \WlSdkExample\ExampleConfig::create(\WellnessLiving\WlRegionSid::US_EAST_1);


## Using the region id in production version.

Use the `\WellnessLiving\WlRegionSid::US_EAST_1` constant as the region id for all businesses
in the United States and Canada.


## Using the region id in testing versions.

Use the `\WellnessLiving\WlRegionSid::US_EAST_1` constant as the region id for testing the Wellnessliving SDK and API
in our staging branch.

Use the `\WellnessLiving\WlRegionSid::AP_SOUTHEAST_2` constant as the region id for testing
the Wellnessliving SDK and API in our trunk branch.

For more information about our branches see `WellnessLiving/README.md` file.